So the first thing that we need to do,
if you look at our code,
In the public folder,
we do have a gpt.js file.
That file has a very basic fetch system.
So it's just a fetch call that
will make an HTTP request and
within for
example chat app.js we have an OPENAI_KEY.
So let's start talking about that,
so what's the key?
If you have ever played with web
services with third party web services,
you probably know what the key is.
Don't worry about the security
if you know what the key is.
I have already deleted these keys and I'm
going to delete all the keys that you will
see on the screen right now because
what's the problem with the key?
The key is actually your
authorization token.
The key is,
anyone with that key can actually
charge your credit card for using OpenAI.
Where can you can you get those keys?
Well, after you have
your account at OpenAI.
And at this point you should have already,
your personnel account at OpenAI,
you go to platform.openai.com.
And there is a section for API keys.
There you will see all the API keys
that you have already created, and
this is important.
You cannot see the key, the keys that you
have, you can see the name of the key,
a part of the key and
when you have created and last use it.
Let me show you what that means.
I can create a new secret key now.
I can say this is
the Frontend Masters Workshop.
Create secret key, and that's the key.
I must copy and save the key right now,
if I close this window,
I will just never have
access to that key anymore.
I can still delete that in the future.
So I will copy that key and
paste that key here.
Let's make sure that we don't
have a piece from a previous key.
So that key that you see in the screen
is actually pointing to my account.
Anyone with that key, again,
because it is important,
anyone with that key will use your
account and it will be charged to your
credit card, so you should save
that really, really, in a safe way.
Now, you know the importance of that key.
So you need to safely stored that key.
Anyway, I mean, a JavaScript file that is
pointing from an HTML file,
that is not safe.
So that's why typically,
we're not going to make calls in
the front end to the OpenAI API.
We can, and we're going to do
the first example as with this,
just with the front end,
but that's not a good idea.
It's really not a good idea.
So that means that you will always
need a server, at least to make
some kind of a proxy between your
front end and the open AI server.
So once you have the key, by the way,
remember that here you can say done, and
then your key is there.
In the future, if you know that
someone has stolen your key,
well, you can just go and delete that.
And by the way, you can just refresh and
see if someone is using it.
And if it says never it's still unused,
so we are safe.
So anyway, you go and revoke the key.
In fact, if OpenAI,
I think somewhere it says that if OpenAI
thinks that your key appeared somewhere.
So it's a public it's in a GitHub repo,
they will delete the key,
it will remove the key.
And once the key is removed
It's not going to work, and
it's not going to charge anyone.
Okay, so once you have the key,
we're ready to make queries.
But before doing that,
the place where you will leave the most
initially is the playground,
it's a nice thing.
If we wanna live in a playground,
it's not so bad.
So the playground is where we can test, we
can try our prompts on how they look like.
Before actually, copy and
paste in that prompt within our app.
The playground has different models and
different modes, and the mode
that we want because remember that we
are not going to use all the models that
are available in OpenAI, here you can see
you have DaVinci, GRI, Barbash, Adda.
There are different models for
different things.
We're going to use Chat GBT, and
that model is not in this mode,
it's actually in the chat mode.
So the first step is to
go to the chat mode.
And now we can pick the model,
GPT 3.5 or GPT 4, the expensive one.
And now that you are here,
you can see three sections,
System, User, and Add Message.
This is kind of a chat GPT
interface that looks better.
In fact, if you're paying for
just GPT+, you have a trick.
Maybe you can stop paying those $15 US
per month, and just pay for the API and
use the Playground.
Because it has the same functionality, and
you can use GPT 4 without
the cap that you have on GPT+.
And you have even more things to try.
We'll talk about this temperature and
all that stuff.
So for example, here you can express,
who is the system.
We can define a role for GPT.
So you can say, okay, you are, let's say,
a professor explaining web development.
You are funny, and
you are always looking for
explaining things.
So you are defining the role
as if it's an actor or
an actress,
I don't know the gender of GPT.
And then I can enter a message here.
What is a message?
This is the user, so
this is us, humans, human user.
So I can say, hello, how are you?
Okay, and I can submit.
This is like ChatGPT.
Hello, I'm Jessica Beer Burrum so
I don't have feelings blah, blah, blah,
blah, blah.
So I think that's probably the funny part,
right?
Anyway, so and I can add more messages.
And of course, I can have the full
conversation that you're used to on
ChatGPT but in this case,
it's being charged by the token, okay?
It's charged by the token not by month.
One of the things that we can set up
here we have a couple of settings.
For example maximum length,
in this case, we can say, for
example, you know what, I only want,
the minimum is four tokens.
So I want your answer in four tokens.
Remember, a token is roughly
like four characters in English.
So if I say, I don't know,
what's your name?
Submit the answer.
I mean language, that's all, okay?
Because we are stopping that answer.
Of course, you can say, well,
it's not useful because I was expecting
like something that fits there.
Well, I need to be precise
with what I'm asking.
So what's your name?
Answer in just one or two words, okay?
So I can actually say that.
Oops, sorry about the message here.
Maybe that will probably work better.
I'm an OpenAI, so that's better.
Because I was clear about my intentions,
and that's key.
Anyway, so that's length,
typically, four is, but
you can see the maximum
is 2,048 on GPT 3.5.
If we move to GPT 4, we can actually
get more, but not in the playground.
We can get 4,000 or 8,000, but not in
the playground because I don't know why.
But from JavaScript,
you don't have that limitation.
Let's say there are more
properties here such as this.
Dappy frequency penalty,
you have an explanation here,
typically changing that
is really fine graded.
The most important thing
here is temperature.
That's the most important part,
really important, why?
The temperature is a value between 0 and
1.
Do you remember that we
mentioned that Chat GPT works
like the prediction of the keyword.
So it predicts the next word.
So if you say again, hello, how are,
the most common possible next word is you.
If we say 0,
the model will always pick the most
probable next word, so it will be you.
So we are making the model predictable,
just by setting temperature as 0.
When you are saying 1,
we are like making more random selections.
So it's not going to take always
the most probable also maybe the one
that comes after, or
after, or after, or after.
And that's how you make
the model more imaginative,
more fancy, that can say anything,
can hallucinate more.
Because when it's speaking the words,
it's not always speaking
the most probable word.
But typically, as developers,
unless you are creating stories for
kids, jokes, or things like that, as app
developers, we prefer predictable answers.
So if I am asking one question,
I typically prefer the same answer always,
right?
So most of the time, as developers,
we probably want the temperature
to be 0 or close to 0.
Again, unless you are writing emails or
social posts,
where, yeah,
you want more imagination in the answer.
Make sense?
So typically,
that's something that you will touch.